Tournament Directors	directors   
"June-Ho and Linus oversee all aspects of the invitational as tournament directors"	
June-Ho Park	20	"June Ho is a sophomore from Orange County, California who is likely going to be a BSE ORFE major. Although he didn't compete in Science Olympiad in high school, he did compete in Chemistry Olympiad (earned top 152 honors on the 2016 USNCO) and enjoyed supervising one of the events at last year's invitational. He is excited to serve as the co-director of Finance and treasurer this year! Outside of schoolwork and Science Olympiad, June enjoys painting, photography, and video games."
Linus Wang	21	"Linus is a freshman from Palo Alto, California who is planning on majoring in Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering. Linus has participated in Science Olympiad for two years where his favorite events are ID events or anything with a binder. In his spare time, Linus likes playing pool, super smash bros, and practicing the French horn. He is looking forward to being a part of the team and hopes to help run an awesome tournament this year!"

Content Committee	content	
"The Content Committee is responsible for revising all tests for content, difficulty spread, relevancy, and scorability, as well as working with event supervisors to ensure that all events have the needed materials and setups."		
Jonathan Wang		
Yusha Sun		
Cam-On Nguyen		
Bill Huang		
Seth Lovelace		
Gargi Sadalgekar		
		
Finance Committee	finance	
The Finance Committee is responsible for landing academic department/company sponsorships and ordering and tracking expenses.		
Ben Liang		
Bill Dong		
Alan Wong		
		
Logistics Committee	logistics	
"The Logistics Committee is responsible for ensuring that all logistical aspects of the competition run smoothly, from team check-in to the event schedule, food, t-shirts, room allocation, event materials, awards, grading, volunteer recruitment, etc."		
Hoi-Lam Lau		
Colton Casto		
Claire Dong		
Jae-Won Oh		
		
Communications Committee	communications	
"The Communications Committee is responsible for managing outreach to teams via email and social media, as well as liasoning with administration and students on campus to ensure that all parties are up-to-date about tournament preparations."		
Diana Tang		
Annie Zou		
		
Graphic Design Committee	graphics	
The Graphics Design Committee is responsible for creating a theme and producing the artistic content for the year's competition.		
Sanna Lee		
Victor Guan		
Jessica Pan		
		
Webmaster	webmaster	
"The Webmaster is responsible for keeping the website updated, addressing problems, and maintaining new tools that aid the team in running the tournament."		
William Li		
		
Directors Emeriti 	emeritus	
Thank you to our former directors for founding the club in 2017 and continuing to stay and help us make it better each and every year.		
David Fan		
Edison Lee		
William Jiao		
Shirley Zhang		
		
Event Supervisors	events	